README.md, before:

# wadors.osirixplugin
adds [wado-rs](http://dicom.nema.org/medical/dicom/current/output/chtml/part18/sect_6.5.html) capabilities to OsiriX.

# how to install or compile
A zipped binary compilation of the plugin is available [here](https://github.com/opendicom/wadors.osirixplugin/blob/master/osirixplugin/wadors.osirixplugin.zip)

The compilation of wadors.osirixplugin requires XCode 7.2.1 or lower with MacOSX 10.8 sdk (because OsriX 5.9 opensource used this toolkit). Needs to be tested in XCode debugger in version 32 bit.

# how it works
##osirix://?methodName=DownloadURL&Display=YES&URL='{URL}'
This is a nice feature of OsiriX in harmony with Safari on the Mac platform, where when invoking such an URL from Safari, Safari delegates it to OsiriX, which sends the request and receives the response. The response is written as a file into the INCOMING.noindex folder, which works as spooler of new entries. New files are analized and incorporated into OsiriX Database. The analisis includes the oportunity for "Pre-Process" plugins to access, modify and eventually destroy the file before it is incorporated into OsiriX Database.

The bad luck is that the call to these plugins occurs after OsiriX check that the file is a DICOM file. Wado-rs multipart/related responses, as a whole, don´t pass this checkpoint.

That´s why we had to use a category on OsiriX class DicomDatabase, in order to override the method responsible for the whole spooling process: 

-(NSInteger)importFilesFromIncomingDir: (NSNumber*) showGUI listenerCompressionSettings: (BOOL) listenerCompressionSettings

Commit message:

v2 : WADODownload data instead of DicomDatabase file spooler. Header additional in the request

README.md, after:

# wadors.osirixplugin
adds [wado-rs](http://dicom.nema.org/medical/dicom/current/output/chtml/part18/sect_6.5.html) capabilities to OsiriX.

# how to install or compile
A zipped binary compilation of the plugin is available [here](https://github.com/opendicom/wadors.osirixplugin/blob/master/osirixplugin/wadors.osirixplugin.zip)

The compilation of wadors.osirixplugin requires XCode 7.2.1 or lower with MacOSX 10.8 sdk (because OsriX 5.9 opensource used this toolkit). Needs to be tested in XCode debugger in version 32 bit.

# how it works

##osirix://?methodName=DownloadURL&Display=YES&URL='{URL}'
This is a nice feature of OsiriX in harmony with Safari on the Mac platform, where when invoking such an URL from Safari, Safari delegates it to OsiriX, which sends the request and receives the response. The response is obtained by the class WADODownloader. The method

-(void)connectionDidFinishLoading:(NSURLConnection *)connection;

provides an NSData with the response. We analyze it and create DICOM files in INCOMING.noindex for each of the parts.

## adding the the header in the request
NSURLConnection supports NSMutableURLRequest where it is posible to add headers to the URL.

We add 'Accept: multipart/related;type=application/dicom' when the URL contains '/dcm4chee-arc/aets/'.'
